[FileSystem]Add ContentUriFromFile() function to support external file access outside expo app on Android (#4526)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/filesystem.md

- **resumeData (_string_)** -- The string which allows the api to resume a paused download.

### `FileSystem.getContentUriAsync(fileUri)`

> Take a `file://` URI and convert it into content URI (`content://`) so that it can be access through other applications outside Expo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take a `file://` URI and convert it into content URI (`content://`) so that it can be accessed by other applications outside of Expo.
```
